TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[birds chirping]
TOWA: So what are
we up to today?
Wherever you're taking me
seems pretty far.
SETSUNA: You make it
sound like I made you
when you insisted on coming.
TOWA: But where
in the world are we?
[yelps]
Hey, careful, Setsuna!
I'm gonna fall off!
‐ I'll never forget this place.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Hidden Village
for Half Demons."
‐ [yawns]
‐ Seriously, Setsuna,
what are we doing
this far up in the mountains?
Going for a walk?
‐ As I said...
you didn't have to come.
I'm just making my rounds.
‐ So what exactly's
out here, anyway?
[grunts]
‐ There is nothing out here,
and that's how it should be.
‐ What does that mean?
I'm so lost right now.
‐ The earliest memory
that I can think of
is seeing a burnt‐up forest
around me.
‐ [gasps] You mean
the forest that we grew up in?
So it's a memory
from right after
we got separated?
‐ This is where
I wound up after the fire.
‐ If it was back then,
that means we were
around four years old.
I'm sorry. I didn't know
any better, and I...
‐ I was not alone.
I had Miss Shiori,
and other children
were there, too.
‐ Miss Shiori? Who's that?
Should I know her?
‐ She made a hidden village
right here.
It's a haven
for half‐demons like us.
‐ A hidden village? Really?
‐ After the fire was over...
[embers crackling]
I could do nothing but stare
and just sat by the ruins.
But someone came for me.
‐ You there.
‐ Huh?
[gasps]
‐ Little girl. Hop on.
‐ [gasps]
‐ What's the matter?
You need not fear me, child.
You can trust me. Come here.
‐ I was led by a voice
that I couldn't quite place,
and I was taken
to this mountain.
[birds chirping]
‐ [gasps]
JAKEN: You must live!
‐ [barrier hums]
‐ [gasps]
[barrier hums]
‐ Hey! Who are you?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Yeah! Who?!
‐ No humans are allowed here.
‐ No demons are allowed here.
‐ Why don't you say something?
‐ Go on. Say something.
‐ Let me guess.
You're a half‐demon, right?
‐ You're definitely
a half‐demon.
‐ [grunts] A half‐demon?
‐ WOMAN: What's going on here?
‐ Hmm?
‐ Oh! Miss Shiori.
‐ Miss Shiori.
‐ Huh?
‐ Oh, my. A child.
Is something wrong? Are you OK?
‐ The voice said
to give you this.
‐ Oh.
Now I see.
Well, my child,
it appears you are tied
to some strange destiny.
[chuckles]
I welcome you.
[music playing]
‐ Miss Shiori invited me
to stay with them
in that hidden village
that half‐demon children
called home.
Miss Shiori was a half‐demon
from the Demon Bat Tribe
and had the power
to create barriers.
It was her barrier
that protected
the peace of the village.
‐ You can call me Futa.
‐ And you can call me Raita.
‐ Your parents, do you know
what happened to them?
‐ Yeah, what happened to them?
‐ I have no idea.
‐ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
‐ Huh?
‐ My parents were hunted down
by some humans.
‐ And my parents
were hunted down by some demons.
‐ [gasps]
‐ But the thought
of not knowing at all
sounds even worse to me.
Oh.
‐ I got used to living there
pretty quickly.
We would gather food during
the day, and at night, we hid.
I learned numbers
and how to read and write.
[grinding]
‐ Hey, Miss Shiori!
‐ SHIORI: Hmm?
‐ Look what I caught!
Awesome, huh?
‐ Miss Shiori,
I got a bunch also! See?
‐ That's amazing.
You two did a very good job.
‐ CHILDREN: Miss Shiori!
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Wow!
‐ [gasps]
‐ I was the one that downed it.
‐ And I was the one
who caught it.
‐ You both did a fantastic job.
‐ From time to time,
items would arrive
that were addressed to me.
‐ Hey, what you got there?
‐ Yeah, what is it?
SETSUNA: "Cut the wind."
‐ I don't know why,
but I was compelled
to train under those orders.
‐ "Cut water."
Huh.
‐ Cut water? How?
‐ Yeah, it's water, so how?
‐ [yelling]
‐ It's impossible, huh?
‐ Impossible.
‐ [yells]
[energy hums]
[gasps]
[inhales, yells]
[both gasp]
‐ [laughs]
‐ Humans would never stray
this far into the mountain,
but sometimes demons
would make their way here.
Most of them
would give up and leave
when they couldn't bypass
Miss Shiori's barrier,
but the really persistent ones
would wait for us
to emerge from the village.
So we worked together
to take down
those more stubborn demons.
‐ Eat this! Wind Scythe!
‐ Eat this! Thunder!
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [wails]
‐ [gags]
[both groan]
‐ Alright!
‐ Hooray!
‐ [laughs]
‐ We won!
‐ We did well as a team.
However...
‐ [giggles] Huh?
Miss Shiori always seemed
mournful after those battles.
She understood that we
had to kill these enemies.
But deep down,
I think she hoped
the world would become
a better place for everyone.
[bat chitters]
‐ Out in a forest to the east,
a half‐demon child was found
to be suffering all alone.
[high‐pitched tone]
I'd love it if they
decided to come here.
‐ After six years
in that village,
I suddenly received
a surprising letter.
‐ Setsuna, that message
said you're to return
to the place
where you were born,
so you will be living there
from this point onward.
‐ I like it here.
I don't want to go.
‐ [chuckles] As a half‐demon,
you can choose to live
alongside humans if you wish.
Since you have the opportunity,
it's not a bad idea
to use it to learn more
about human society.
Return to the village
where you were born,
and live your own life.
‐ [grunts]
‐ My journey led me to the place
where Priestess Kaede lived.
However, I did not stay there
for very long.
After taking down some bandits
pillaging in the area,
I came to a realization.
‐ [sputtering]
‐ Gah!
‐ Why, you bastard!
‐ [wails]
She's a monster! Run for it!
[whimpers]
‐ Setsuna! You've done enough!
‐ [yells]
‐ Don't do it!
‐ [whimpering]
‐ Get the hell out of here!
‐ That was totally uncalled for.
‐ But if we don't kill them
now, they'll just return.
‐ [sighs] You shouldn't have
to deal with such things,
especially considering
you're still a child.
‐ I'm a half‐demon.
That's just who I am.
‐ Where are you going?
‐ Back to my village.
Miss Shiori welcomed me back
with open arms when I returned.
She didn't ask me
any questions, either.
‐ [purrs]
‐ My friends were happy
that I was back, too.
I thought I could live
the rest of my life
in that peaceful place,
‐ but I couldn't.
‐ [sighs]
‐ Miss Shiori's
a half‐demon, too.
There are days
she loses her demon powers.
That is to say,
she also loses her barrier.
One demon planned for that day,
and that demon who appeared
was Gaga Gozen.
‐ Gaga Gozen?
‐ Miss Shiori's
a half‐demon, too.
There are days
she loses her demon powers.
That is to say,
she also loses her barrier.
One demon planned for that day,
and that demon who appeared
was Gaga Gozen.
‐ Gaga Gozen?
‐ It all happened
around three years ago.
‐ Setsuna.
What is it?
My demon powers,
it won't be long
before they're gone.
I pray nothing will happen
until they return.
‐ Miss Shiori!
‐ BOTH: Huh?
‐ There are some samurai
in the forest!
‐ Yeah! And they're
heading this way!
‐ Some samurai?
‐ Lord Gaga,
is this the right mountain?
‐ Indeed. This place is simply
swarming with half‐demons.
‐ From the stories I've heard,
demons come to this mountain
all the time on the hunt
for some juicy half‐demons,
but they either never find them
or wind up
getting taken down themselves.
‐ Have you forgotten
who it is you're talking to?
Those morons
failed to find them,
because they're a horde
of brainless idiots.
Those demons who fell
simply weren't strong enough.
Just pathetic.
‐ [gasps]
‐ After eating
a hundred samurai,
the taste of them
simply bores me.
Now all I crave
are some delectable half‐demons
to whet my appetite.
[laughs]
[demons laughing]
‐ Look, Master Miroku,
just the two of us alone
can't defeat them.
We need to go back
and get some reinforcements.
That one's bad news.
‐ That demon's already eaten
a hundred samurai.
Let's look for an opening.
We'll have to slay him quickly.
[staff jingles]
‐ [moans]
I guess it's impossible
for us to see eye to eye.
[music playing]
‐ They may all be
samurai in appearance,
but they're nothing but demons.
‐ Wait. How can you tell?
My nose is more sensitive
than either of yours,
and they all smell like demons.
‐ Then what should we do?
‐ There's only two reasons
why they would come here,
and those are to either to kill
or eat half‐demons like us.
‐ But today's the day
Miss Shiori
will lose her demon powers.
‐ And her barrier!
‐ If they came here
with that in mind,
then we're all in danger.
[music playing]
[children gasping]
[horse snorts]
‐ [scoffs]
Behold.
The producer of this barrier
loses their powers
during a solar eclipse.
‐ Amazing as ever, Lord Gaga.
‐ [chuckles]
Let's do this.
‐ FUTA: Wind Scythe!
‐ Huh?
‐ Thunder!
[demons groan]
‐ [growls]
‐ [neighs]
‐ [yelps]
‐ [screams]
‐ [groans]
‐ [yells]
[gasps]
‐ [laughs]
This naginata is
the infamous Kanemitsu no Tomoe.
That little knife of yours
is no match for it.
[grunts]
[laughs]
Is that all you've got?!
Huh? [grunts]
‐ Gaga Gozen, steel yourself!
[grunting]
‐ Wait. That monk...
‐ You're done for! Thunder!
‐ [screams]
‐ That guy over there's
the last one.
‐ Let's get him!
‐ [grunts]
[groans]
‐ [wails] Master Miroku!
Should've listened to me!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Let's go, Setsuna!
‐ Let's get him, Setsuna!
‐ Half‐demon brats!
[breathes deeply]
[both cough]
‐ Get away from there quickly!
It's dangerous!
‐ [panting]
‐ Are you two OK?
‐ [laughs]
Let's see how well
you can stomach my poison fog.
‐ [yells]
‐ [gags]
‐ [groans]
‐ Damn you to hell!
[breathes deeply]
‐ [gasps]
‐ BOYS: Setsuna!
‐ Setsuna!
‐ [muffled grunting]
‐ [laughs]
Now you stay right there,
and don't move a muscle.
I'm saving you for dessert.
My! All you little half‐demons
look absolutely scrumptious!
[all gasp]
‐ Wind Scythe!
‐ Thunder!
‐ [scoffs] How futile.
Hah! Now, then...
which one of you
shall be my appetizer?
‐ [boys groan]
‐ [gasps]
Please don't hurt them!
‐ [laughs]
I'll start with you then,
to spare you their screams.
[Setsuna growls]
[dramatic music plays]
[growls]
‐ [scoffs]
Silly little girl.
Do you truly believe
that a mere half‐demon like you
can defeat me,
the great Gaga Gozen?
‐ You damn maggot!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [hisses]
[roars]
‐ She got him!
‐ Yeah, she did!
‐ [panting]
‐ [roars]
‐ [growls]
‐ MIROKU: Setsuna, stop!
Your demon blood
hasn't been abated.
If you cannot quell it, then...
‐ Go away!
Die! Die! Die!
Die!
‐ This isn't good.
‐ [snarls]
‐ Stop it, Setsuna!
Please, stop!
‐ [snarls]
‐ Please calm down, Setsuna.
Everything's OK.
That's it.
Just take deep breaths, alright?
‐ [snarls]
‐ BOTH: Miss Shiori!
‐ [shrieks]
‐ Sorry!
‐ [muffled grunting]
‐ Setsuna? Setsuna?!
‐ Are you OK? Say something!
Oh, dear. What you just used
didn't kill her, did it?
‐ Don't worry.
This is a sedative
used by demon slayers.
It's especially effective
on Setsuna
with her keen sense of smell.
‐ [sighs] Thank goodness.
[gasps]
[wind blowing]
‐ I will apply a seal that
will suppress her demon blood.
This naginata
will be the medium.
Alright. Now let us begin.
Meet an arhat,
then slay the arhat.
Meet your parents,
then slay your parents.
Know that the light to your path
lies therein.
[grunts]
[sighs] That does it.
For now, at least.
The demon blood
that Setsuna has inherited
is too powerful
for her half‐demon body.
‐ Excuse me,
but if I'm not mistaken,
you're Monk Miroku, right?
‐ Yes, I am.
It's good to see
you're doing well, Lady Shiori.
You grew up beautifully,
as expected.
Oh, and your mother,
is she here?
‐ No. She passed away.
She succumbed to an illness.
‐ I'm sorry to hear that.
Such is the fate of humans.
‐ A few weeks
after Monk Miroku left,
Miss Shiori told me
it was time for me
to leave the village as well.
‐ Setsuna, no longer
are you so weak
that you must hide yourself
away from the world.
Go and start life anew,
for your own sake.
‐ Setsuna,
take care of yourself.
‐ Take care of yourself,
Setsuna!
‐ You know,
the time will one day come
when you two will have
to leave this village.
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Setsuna is just leaving
a little bit earlier
than everyone else.
‐ BOTH: I don't wanna!
‐ [laughs]
And, Setsuna,
If you happen to meet
a half‐demon child
who's in trouble,
please tell them
about this village, OK?
‐ Yes, I will.
‐ Well, then,
have a safe journey, Setsuna.
‐ Thank you.
Back
at Priestess Kaede's village,
I was invited to enlist
with the demon slayers.
‐ [meows]
‐ I didn't know until recently
that Monk Miroku
was Hisui's father.
‐ So that naginata was
a trophy from that battle, huh?
‐ This was forged
by human hands.
I'm grateful
to have it with me.
It also acts as a seal
to keep my demon powers in line.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ You sure talked a lot more
than usual today. Why is that?
‐ Because I made a promise
to Miss Shiori when I left,
if I found a troubled
half‐demon child,
I'd tell them
about this village.
‐ What are you talking about?
I may be a half‐demon,
but I'm not troubled,
and I'm not even a child!
‐ [laughs]
‐ Jeez.
‐ [gasps]
[heavy footsteps thudding]
‐ This is the place.
It's said half‐demons can be
found hiding in this mountain.
‐ They must think
they're so clever.
Let's find them quickly.
My stomach's
been growling all night.
‐ [yells]
‐ [shrieks]
‐ [gasps]
‐ My horns! [shrieks]
‐ You must think
you're so clever, don't you?
If you ever come here again...
I'll make you beg for death.
[both whimpering]
‐ Vermin like them still manage
to make their way out here.
Honestly, I hope things
can quiet down a little.
‐ Setsuna, you do this
pretty regularly, don't you?
‐ When I can,
if I have the time to.
‐ Makes sense.
I totally get why.
It's because this place
is your home, right?
‐ Kirara!
‐ [meows]
‐ Thank you, Setsuna.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: While watching
some winter fireflies together,
Riku tells me about the madam
who used to care for him
and about his master who
loves gazing up at the stars.
‐ Then I, Totetsu,
crash the party!
RIKU: Damn bastard! You ruined
my date with Lady Towa!
‐ Why are you risking
your life for me, Riku?
Next time on "Yashahime,"
"Secret of the Rainbow Pearls."
‐ These Pearls were born on
the night that your grandfather,
the Great Dog‐Demon,
passed away.